Reworked installation page and added buttons in css (#31)
xournalpp/xournalpp.github.io: docs/installation/linux.md

<a class="xournalppButton" href="{{downloads.default}}">Other versions</a>
<a class="xournalppButton" style="grid-column: 2 / 4;" href="#options-for-specific-distros-potentially-preferable">Or use distro specific method</a>
</div>

## Options for specific distros (potentially preferable)

On _specific Linux distros_ you have the following extra options:

### Ubuntu and derivatives

* Install the latest *unstable* nightly release from the following ppa
  
        sudo add-apt-repository ppa:andreasbutti/xournalpp-master
        sudo apt update
        sudo apt install xournalpp

    which you can easily upgrade via `sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade`

* Install the latest *stable* release from the following *unofficial* ppa

        sudo add-apt-repository ppa:apandada1/xournalpp-stable
        sudo apt update
        sudo apt install xournalpp

* Install the latest stable release (currently version {{ version.latest_stable }}) from the [releases page](https://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp/releases)
* Install the latest unstable release (automated nightly build) from the [releases page](https://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp/releases/tag/nightly)

### Debian Buster

> * Install the latest stable release (version {{ version.latest_stable }}) from the [releases page](https://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp/releases/tag/1.0.18)

Reviewer: The link is outdated. Please update as follows:
```suggestion
* Install the latest stable release (version {{ version.latest_stable }}) from the [releases page](https://github.com/xournalpp/xournalpp/releases/tag/1.0.20-hotfix)
```

<a class="xournalppButton linkButton" href="{{downloads.nightly}}">Nightly (latest unstable, including nightly AppImage)</a>
<a class="xournalppButton linkButton" href="#options-for-specific-distros-potentially-preferable">Or use distro specific method</a>
</ul>

## Options for specific distros (potentially preferable)

On _specific Linux distros_ you have the following extra options:

### Ubuntu and derivatives

* Install the latest *unstable* nightly release from the following ppa
  
        sudo add-apt-repository ppa:andreasbutti/xournalpp-master
        sudo apt update
        sudo apt install xournalpp

    which you can easily upgrade via `sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade`

* Install the latest *stable* release from the following *unofficial* ppa

        sudo add-apt-repository ppa:apandada1/xournalpp-stable
        sudo apt update
        sudo apt install xournalpp

* Or:
<ul id="ubuntuContainer" class="downloadsContainer">
<a class="xournalppButton linkButton" href="{{downloads.linux.ubuntuStable}}">Download stable</a>
<a class="xournalppButton linkButton" href="{{downloads.nightly}}">Download nightly (latest unstable) version</a>

> <a class="xournalppButton linkButton" href="{{downloads.allVersions}}">Other versions</a>

Reviewer 2: This is invalid HTML. The `<a>` tags needs to be wrapped in `<li></li>`, since the only valid children of a `ul` are `li`.

</ul>

### Debian Buster

<ul id="debianContainer" class="downloadsContainer">
<a class="xournalppButton linkButton" href="{{downloads.linux.debianStable}}">Download stable</a>
<a class="xournalppButton linkButton" href="{{downloads.nightly}}">Download nightly (latest unstable) version</a>

> <a class="xournalppButton linkButton" href="{{downloads.allVersions}}">Other versions</a>

Reviewer 2: Same here.
